Expertise in Configuration Management, Cloud Infrastructure, Automation with Microsoft Azure, GitHub.
Working as IaC code expert using terraform, ARM Template and Powershell
Expertise in ARM template development and deployment.
CI/CD implementation of Azure Service deployment using Azure DevOps.
Experience in source code management and version control using git.
Expertise in writing terraform code for create and manage infrastructure.
Expertise in writing scalable, orchestrated terraform templates to deploy azure resources with different provisioners.
Deployment, management, and administration of AKS Cluster and Container Services application.
Integrate AKS with Azure AD for active directory authentication and ACR for image repository
Knowledge on implementing and provision of cloud resources from AKS using azure API & YAML.
Deploy applications in AKS cluster, scalability of pods and Implementing RBAC for AKS cluster.
Writing PowerShell and batch file scripts as per requirement.
Experience in Custom Imaging packaging tool Packer.
Building pre-configured application Azure Custom images using packer.
Experience in Powershell scripting for automation.
 Manage, Configuration and Administration of SQL Database
 Experience in SettingUp Monitoring, Logging and Alerting for Azure Resource.
 Basic Knowledge Docker and creating Docker Images.

---
Development and Deployment of Azure Services using IaC tools such as Terraform, ARM Template and PowerShell.
Expertise in writing ARM template/terraform to deploy the resources on Microsoft Azure using Azure DevOps Pipeline.
Expertise in writing Terraform code to deploy and manage Azure IaaS and PaaS services.
Development and deployment PowerShell/ARM templates/Terraform modules for Compute Services such as VM, VMSS, Images, Storage, Disks etc.
Development and deployment PowerShell/ARM templates/Terraform for deploying PaaS Services like AppService’s, Azure SQL, Logic Apps, Service bus, Event Hub etc.
Development and deployment Power shell/ARM templates/Terraform for deploying network services Like VNET, Subnet, UDR, NSG, Application Gateway, S2S VPN, Load Balancer etc.
Implemented Hub and Spoke Model for network service.
Protecting PaaS resources with Firewall and Network Securities.
Managing and Implementing RBAC and Identity Management.
Creating and Managing Service Principals/App Registrations and Assigning for Subscriptions/Resources using IaC Tools.
Responsible for Developing automation scripts using Power shell and power shell workflow in Azure Automation Account. 
Deployment, management, and administration of AKS Cluster and Container Services application.
Deployment of AKS resources such as deployments, pods, services, secrets, replica sets using terraform, YAML etc.
Provision of AKS cluster & Implement of RBAC model for the AKS Cluster.
Expertise in creating custom images for azure using packer.


Working on azure services like azure datafactory , functionApp and Logic App etc.
Setup CI/CD in azure Devops and integrate with azure cloud.
Setup Salesforce deployment using azure devops.
End to End automation for integrating all the services.
Migrated On-premise Jenkin application to Azure Cloud.
Re-Engineering Jenkins pipeline jobs.
Migrated On-premise Artifactory to Azure Cloud Server.
Migrated TFS to Azure Cloud
Install and Configure Fisheye.
Troubleshooting system and application level issues.
Install and configure CI/CD build pipeline setup in GoCD, Teamcity and ADO
Service now integration with Azure Devops.

Centralized Log analysis of the micro services applications using ELK stack. 
Working on azure services like azure datafactory , functionApp and Logic App etc.
Setup CI/CD in azure Devops and integrate with azure cloud.


SKILLS:
LINUX SERVER ADMINISTRATION, 
ANSIBLE - CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT TOOL,
REDHAT ANSIBLE TOWER & AWX (Open source) 
DOCKER CONTAINERIZATION & DOCKER HUB
GITLAB/GITHUB AND JENKINS – CI/CD TOOL
IBM-TSM(TS3500 AND TS3310 LIBRARY).
Hand-on experience in infra related tasks AWS and GOOGLE CLOUD PLATFORM..

 RESPONSIBILITY:
Configured and Managed the Ansible Tower for storing the Yaml playbooks and to provide the API's.
 Maintaining the Git repository and helping the development team to push the code to the git repository.
Troubleshooting the Linux OS related issues
 Enabling the CI/CD pipeline through the Jenkins tool and doing the administrative tasks in the tool.
 Creating the docker images with help of writing docker file for developed code.
 Technically understanding the requirements from the customer and checking the feasibility from the different tools and making the solution part.
 Done the solution part through ansible tool for the MFDM team.